To perform a Diffie-Hellman key exchange using OpenSSL for Bob and Alice, you can follow these steps. In this example, Bob and Alice will generate their private keys, exchange public keys, and derive a shared secret key.

1. Generate Bob's Private Key and Public Key:
	# Generate Bob's private key
		openssl genpkey -algorithm DH -out bob_private.pem

	# Extract Bob's public key from the private key
		openssl pkey -in bob_private.pem -pubout -out bob_public.pem


2. Generate Alice's Private Key and Public Key:
	# Generate Alice's private key
		openssl genpkey -algorithm DH -out alice_private.pem

	# Extract Alice's public key from the private key
		openssl pkey -in alice_private.pem -pubout -out alice_public.pem

3. Exchange Public Keys:
	Bob and Alice should share their public keys with each other, either directly or through a secure channel.


4. Derive Shared Secret Key (Bob's Perspective):
	Bob uses his private key and Alice's public key to derive the shared secret key.
		openssl pkeyutl -derive -inkey bob_private.pem -peerkey alice_public.pem -out shared_secret.bin


5. Derive Shared Secret Key (Alice's Perspective):
	Alice uses her private key and Bob's public key to derive the same shared secret key.
		openssl pkeyutl -derive -inkey alice_private.pem -peerkey bob_public.pem -out shared_secret.bin


6. Verify that Bob and Alice have derived the same shared secret key by comparing (exchanging hashes) their shared_secret.bin files.

Now, Bob and Alice both have the same shared secret key (shared_secret.bin), which they can use for secure communication. Remember that in a real-world scenario, you should ensure the security and confidentiality of private keys and exchanged public keys, as well as the communication channel for sharing public keys.

This example demonstrates the basic steps for performing a Diffie-Hellman key exchange using OpenSSL. Depending on your specific requirements, you may need to include additional security measures and error handling in your implementation.